There's nothing to tell.
It's just some guy I work with.
Come on.
You're going out with a guy.
There's gotta be something
wrong with him.
So does he have a hump
and a hair piece?
Wait. Does he eat chalk?
I don't want her to go through
what I went through with Carl. Oh.
Okay, everybody relax.
This is not even a date.
It's just two people going out
to dinner and not having sex.
Sounds like a date to me.
I'm back in high school,
in the middle of the cafeteria...
...and I realize I'm totally naked.
- Oh, yeah.
- I've had that dream.
Then I look down and I realize
there is a phone...
...there.
- Instead of...
- That's right!
MONICA: That one, I've never had.
PHOEBE: No.
All of a sudden,
the phone starts to ring.
And it turns out it's my mother.
Which is very, very weird
because she never calls me.
Hi.
This guy says "hello,"
I wanna kill myself.
Are you okay, sweetie?
I feel like someone grabbed my small
intestine, pulled it out of my mouth...
...and tied it around my neck.
- Cookie?
Carol moved her stuff out today.
PHOEBE & JOEY:
Oh.
- Let me get you some coffee.
- Thanks.
Ew. Unh.
No. No, don't!
Stop cleansing my aura.
Just leave my aura alone, okay?
I'll be fine. All right? Really.
I hope she'll be very happy.
- No, you don't.
- No, I don't.
To hell with her. She left me!
And you never knew she was a lesbian.
No! Okay?
Why does everyone
keep fixating on that?
She didn't know. How should I know?
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian.
Did I say that out loud?
All right, Ross. Look, you're feeling
a lot of pain right now.
You're angry. You're hurting.
Can I tell you what the answer is?
Strip joints!
Come on, you're single.
Have some hormones.
See, but I don't want
to be single, okay?
I just wanna be married again.
And I just want a million dollars!
Rachel?
Oh, God, Monica! Hi! Thank God!
I went to your building and
this guy with a hammer said...
...that you might be here, and you are.
- Can I get you some coffee?
- Decaf.